USBR Water Districts (usbr-water-districts)
===========================================

This represents a conflation of three datasets published by the US
Bureau of Reclamation, describing various water districts for
California.  These include:

* _Federal_ 13th Edition  Published August 31, 2010.  
* _State_ Published 2004 
* _Private_ Published 2003

Note that because of the source and age of the dataset(s) these
records may no longer be an accurate representation of California's
various water districts.


## Description

Federal Water Contract boundaries are incorporated boundaries of
districts having contracts with the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation
(Reclamation). These data are updated when sufficient number of
changes have occurred to warrant an update. Updates are determined by
the needs of the local office and are composited from separate
databases. Boundaries are updated as changes are identified by the
Water Districts. The boundaries are not current for all Water
Districts found in the database at the same time due to the update
methods employed. There may be conflicts in the boundaries between
districts due to the time of update, the review process associated,
and issues between each Water District. Other problems may be
associated with Water District name changes that may not have been
updated by the Water District. The Klamath area water districts were
digitized under a contract that the Klamath area office held with UC
Davis in 1990. MPGIS received those districts from the Klamath Area
Office GIS center. This database represents the most current and
accurate understanding of the boundary location and current name of
the Water Districts.

Private Water District boundaries are areas where private contracts
provide water to the district in California. This database is designed
as a regions polygon database and is updated when sufficient number of
changes have occured to warrant an update. Updates are determined by
the needs of the local office. Separate databases are used for
maintenance purposes. Boundaries are continually being updated as
changes are identified by the Water Districts. The boundaries are not
current for all Water Districts found in the database at the same time
due to the update methods employed. There may be conflicts in the
boundaries between districts due to the time of update and review
process associated with each Water District. Other problems may be
associated with Water District name changes that have not been updated
and possibly new Water Districts not being included due to lack of
information. This database represents the most current and accurate
understanding of the boundary location and current name of the Water
Districts.

State Water Project District boundaries are areas where state
contracts provide water to the district in California. This database
is designed as a regions polygon database and is updated when
sufficient number of changes have occured to warrant an
update. Updates are determined by the needs of the local
office. Separate databases are used for maintenance
purposes. Boundaries are continually being updated as changes are
identified by the Water Districts. The boundaries are not current for
all Water Districts found in the database at the same time due to the
update methods employed. There may be conflicts in the boundaries
between districts due to the time of update and review process
associated with each Water District. Other problems may be associated
with Water District name changes that have not been updated and
possibly new Water Districts not being included due to lack of
information. This database represents the most current and accurate
understanding of the boundary location and current name of the Water
Districts.

The USBR provides maps at 1:24,000-scale to the various Water
Districts for review. Boundary corrections are marked on the map
provided or on other source material by knowledgeable staff in the
Water District. Boundary corrections are delineated at maximum of
1:24,000-scale using USGS topological maps for reference. Data
provided at better resolution are maintained at the scale
provided. Boundary changes are digitized using a Calcomp 9000
digitizer and Arc/Info or ArcMap. Some boundary changes were input
using COGO. Not all Water Districts responded to the USBR MP request
for review.